
Module 2 Project:  https://codepen.io/dop4/pen/poEyvQe?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? - HTML used to reinforce the meaning of the content on a web page
    2. What is HTML used for? - To markup the contents of a webpage. It creates and structure sections, paragraphs, headings and links
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? - HTML attributes are a modifier of an HTML element type. An attribute either modifies the default functionality of an element type or provides functionality to certain element types unable to function correctly without them. In HTML syntax, an attribute is added to an HTML start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? - Used for the most important heading on the website. How many times should I use it on a page? - Only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes - 1. The anchor tag 2. Image tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? - The <head> element is a container for metadata
    7. What is an id? - The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? - HTMl Element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? - once
    10. What is a class? - The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? - any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? - unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? - target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? - specifies an alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? - The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. The <div> tag defines a division of a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS.
    17. What is CSS used for? - CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts. It allows one to adapt the presentation to different types of devices, such as large screens, small screens, or printers. CSS is independent of HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page - h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one - the difference between a class and an id is a class you can use multiple times and id you can only use once. You might use an id when creating links within the same webpage. You might use a class when you style an element
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? . 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? - a parent child selector is when we nest a tag within another tag. This would be uselful when you to select all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a:link{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? - A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? - line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? - letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? - text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm filename.extension
    34. Why should I use version control? - Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting. Changes made in one part of the software can be incompatible with those made by another developer working at the same time.
    35. How often should I commit to github? -  commit often and use meaningful commit messages
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. - fork a repo, clone it to your local machine, work on the project, then create a pull request for submission.
